we've talked about how to evaluate
learning algorithms thoughtful normal
selection tougher more about buyers in
theory ins so how does this help us
figure out what a potentially fruitful
potentially not through full things to
try to do to improve the performance of
a learning algorithm let's go back to
our original motivating example and go
for the result so here is our earlier
example of maybe having fits regularized
linear regression and finding that it
doesn't work as well as we're hoping we
said that we had this menu of options so
is there some way to figure out which of
these might be fruitful options the
first thing long list was getting more
training examples and what this is good
for this this helps to fix high variance
and concretely if you instead have a
high bias problem and don't have any
variance problem then we saw in the
previous video that getting more
training examples well maybe just isn't
going to help much at all so the first
option is useful only if you say plot
the learning curves and figure out that
you have at least a bit of a variance
meaning that if the cross-validation
error is you know quite a bit bigger
than your training center how about
trying a smaller set of features well
trying to smaller set of features that's
again something that fixes high variance
and in other words if you figure out by
looking learning curves or something
else that in you instead have a high
bias problem then for goodness sakes
don't waste your time trying to
carefully select out a smaller set of
features to use because if there's a
high bias problem using future fewer
features it's not going to help whereas
in contrast if you look at the learning
curves or something else and figure out
that you have a high variance problem
then indeed try to select on the
smallest of the features that might
indeed be a very good user your time how
about trying to get additional features
so adding features usually not always
but usually we think of this as a
solution for fixing high bias problems
so that if you're adding extra features
is usually because
your current hypothesis is too simple
and so we want to try to get additional
features to make our hypothesis better
able to fit the training set and
similarly adding polynomial features
this is another way of adding features
and so that's another way to try to fix
a high bias problem and if concretely if
your learning curves show you that
instead of a high variance problem then
you know doing this is maybe a less good
use of your time
and finally decreasing and increasing
longer these are quick and easy to try
because these are less likely to be a
ways of you know many months of your
life but decreasing lambda you already
know fixes high bias in case this isn't
clear to you you have do encourage you
to pause the video and think through
this that convince yourself that
decreasing lambda helps fix high bias
whereas increasing around there fixes
high variance and if you aren't sure why
this is a case do post a video and make
sure you can convince yourself and this
is the case well take a look at the
curves that we were plotting at the end
of the previous video and try to make
sure you understand why these is not the
case finally let's take everything we've
learned and related back to neural
networks and here just give some
practical advice for how I usually
choose the architecture or the
connectivity pattern of the neural
networks I use so if you fit in your
network one option would be to fit say a
pretty small neural network with you
know relatively few hidden units maybe
just one hidden you if you're fitting on
your network one option would be to fit
a relatively small neural network with
say relatively few maybe only one hidden
layer and maybe only a relatively few
number of hidden units so a network like
this might have relatively few
parameters and be more prone to
underfitting the main advantage of these
small neural networks
that the computationally cheaper an
alternative would be to fit a maybe
relatively large neural network with
either a more hidden unit so if that's a
lot of hidden units in one layer or with
more hidden layers and so these neural
networks tend to have more parameters
and therefore be more prone to
overfitting
what does advantage often on a major one
but something to think about is that if
you have a large number of neurons in
your network then they can be more
computationally expensive although
within reason this is often hopefully
not a huge problem the main potential
problem of these much larger neural
networks is that they could be more
prone to overfitting and it turns out
that if you apply in neural network very
often using a larger neural network
often is actually the larger the better
but the result of fitting you can then
use regularization to address
overfitting and usually using a larger
neural network but using regularization
to address overfitting that's often more
effective than using a smaller neural
network and the main possible
disadvantage is that it can be more
computationally expensive and finally
one of the other decisions is say the
number of hidden you the number of
hidden layers you want to have right so
do you want one hidden layer or do you
want three hidden layers as we have
shown here or do you want two hidden
layers and usually I think I said in the
previous video using a single hidden
layer as a reasonable default but if you
want to choose the number of hidden
layers one other thing you can try is
find yourself a training
cross-validation and test set split and
try training neural networks with one
hidden layer or two hidden layers with
three hidden layers and see which of
those neural networks performs best on
the cross-validation set so you take you
know three neural networks with one two
and three hidden layers and compute the
cross-validation error and jzd on all of
them and use that to select which of
these is you think the best neural
network
so that's it for bias-variance and waste
like learning Carosa try to diagnose
these problems that's all that's what
these things imply for what might be
fruitful or not for full things to try
to improve the performance of a learning
algorithm if you understood the content
of the last few videos and if you apply
them you actually be much more effective
already and getting learning algorithms
to work on problems than even a large
fraction maybe the majority of
practitioners and machine learning here
at Silicon Valley today doing these
things as their full-time jobs so I hope
that this he said pieces of advice on
bias-variance learning curves and
Diagnostics will help you to much more
effectively and powerfully apply
learning algorithms and get them to work
right well